.TH LIBAXL_REQUEST_REPARENT_WINDOW 3 libaxl
.SH NAME
LIBAXL_REQUEST_REPARENT_WINDOW - Change parent of a window
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <libaxl.h>

#define LIBAXL_REQUEST_REPARENT_WINDOW 7
struct libaxl_request_reparent_window {
        uint8_t         \fIopcode\fP;
        uint8_t         \fI__pad\fP;
        uint16_t        \fI_request_length\fP;
        libaxl_window_t \fIwindow\fP;
        libaxl_window_t \fIparent\fP;
        int16_t         \fIx\fP;
        int16_t         \fIy\fP;
};
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The display server shall generate an
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_UNMAP_WINDOW (3)
request, for the window whose ID is specified
in the
.I window
field, and move the window in the window hierarchy
to be a child of the window whose ID is specified
in the
.I parent
field send its position to the number of pixels
specified in the
.I x
field left of, and the number of pixels specified
in the below the new parent window's top left
corner. The window is placed on top in the stacking
order with respect to the new siblings. The display
server shall then generate a
.BR LIBAXL_EVENT_REPARENT_NOTIFY (3)
event, and then, if the window was mapped at the
time of the request, generate a
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_MAP_WINDOW (3)
request.
.PP
Normal exposure processing on formerly
obscured windows is performed.
.PP
The value of the
.I opcode
field shall be
.I LIBAXL_REQUEST_REPARENT_WINDOW
to signify that the request is of the
request described in this document.
.PP
Other fields are filled in automatically by the
.BR libaxl_send_request (3)
function.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_MATCH (3)
The new parent is not on the same screen as
the old parent, the new parent is the window
itself, the new parent is an inferior of the
window, the new parent is an input-only window
but the window is not, or the window has an
.I LIBAXL_PARENT_RELATIVE
background and the new parent does not have
the same depth as the window.
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_WINDOW (3)
A specified window ID does not exist.
.SH REPLIES
None.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libaxl_send_request (3)
