.TH LIBAXL_REQUEST_FREE_COLORMAP 3 libaxl
.SH NAME
LIBAXL_REQUEST_FREE_COLORMAP - Delete reference to a colormap
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <libaxl.h>

#define LIBAXL_REQUEST_FREE_COLORMAP 79
struct libaxl_request_free_colormap {
        uint8_t           \fIopcode\fP;
        uint8_t           \fI__pad\fP;
        uint16_t          \fI_request_length\fP;
        libaxl_colormap_t \fIcmap\fP;
};
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The display server shall remove the association
between the resource ID, which is specified in
the
.I cmap
field, and the colormap.
.PP
The the colormap is installed for a screen, it
will be uninstalled.
.PP
If the colormap is defined as the colormap for a
window, the colormap for the window is changed to
.BR LIBAXL_NONE ,
and a
.I LIBAXL_EVENT_COLORMAP_NOTIFY
event is generated. (The protocol does not define
colors displayed for a window with
.I LIBAXL_NONE
as the colormap).
.PP
When no resource references the colormap, it will
be deallocated.
.PP
This request has no effect on a default colormap
for a screen.
.PP
The value of the
.I opcode
field shall be
.I LIBAXL_REQUEST_FREE_COLORMAP
to signify that the request is of the
request described in this document.
.PP
Other fields are filled in automatically by the
.BR libaxl_send_request (3)
function.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_WINDOW (3)
The specified window ID does not exist.
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_COLORMAP (3)
The specified colormap ID does not exist.
.SH REPLIES
None.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libaxl_send_request (3),
.RB LIBAXL_REQUEST_COPY_COLORMAP_AND_FREE (3),
.RB LIBAXL_REQUEST_CREATE_COLORMAP (3),
.RB LIBAXL_REQUEST_UNINSTALL_COLORMAP(3)
