.TH LIBAXL_REQUEST_DESTROY_WINDOW 3 libaxl
.SH NAME
LIBAXL_REQUEST_DESTROY_WINDOW - Destroy a window
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <libaxl.h>

#define LIBAXL_REQUEST_DESTROY_WINDOW 4
struct libaxl_request_destroy_window {
        uint8_t         \fIopcode\fP;
        uint8_t         \fI__pad\fP;
        uint16_t        \fI_request_length\fP;
        libaxl_window_t \fIwindow\fP;
};
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The display server shall unmap
.RB ( LIBAXL_REQUEST_UNMAP_WINDOW (3))
the window whose resource ID is specified
in the
.I window
field, if it is mapped. After potential
unmapping, the display server shall destroy
the window and all its inferiors. A
.BR LIBAXL_EVENT_DESTROY_NOTIFY (3)
event is generated for each window. The
.BR LIBAXL_EVENT_DESTROY_NOTIFY (3)
events for the inferiors are generated before the
.BR LIBAXL_EVENT_DESTROY_NOTIFY (3)
event for the window itself. No other ordering
contraints apply.
.PP
This request has no effect on root windows.
.PP
Normal exposure processing on formerly obscured
windows is performed.
.PP
The value of the
.I opcode
field shall be
.I LIBAXL_REQUEST_DESTROY_WINDOW
to signify that the request is of the
request described in this document.
.PP
Other fields are filled in automatically by the
.BR libaxl_send_request (3)
function.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_WINDOW (3)
The specified window ID does not exist.
.SH REPLIES
None.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libaxl_send_request (3),
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_DESTROY_SUBWINDOWS (3),
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_UNMAP_WINDOW (3)
