.TH LIBAXL_REQUEST_SET_INPUT_FOCUS 3 libaxl
.SH NAME
LIBAXL_REQUEST_SET_INPUT_FOCUS - Select keyboard input focus
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <libaxl.h>

#define LIBAXL_REQUEST_SET_INPUT_FOCUS 42
struct libaxl_request_set_input_focus {
        uint8_t            \fIopcode\fP;
        uint8_t            \fIrevert_to\fP;
        uint16_t           \fI_request_length\fP;
        libaxl_window_t    \fIfocus\fP;
        libaxl_timestamp_t \fItime\fP;
};
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The display server shall change current
keyboard input focus and generated appreciate
input focus events
.RI ( LIBAXL_EVENT_FOCUS_IN
and
.IR LIBAXL_EVENT_FOCUS_OUT ),
as well as configure how the keyboard input
focus shall but reverted once the selected
window stops being viewable.
.PP
The value of the
.I opcode
field shall be
.I LIBAXL_REQUEST_SET_INPUT_FOCUS
to signify that the request is of the
request described in this document.
.PP
The value of the
.I focus
field shall either be set to one of the following:
.TP
.I a viewable window
This window becomes the keyboard's focus window,
and any generated keyboard event that would normally
be reported to this window or one of its inferiors
are reported normally, other events are reported
with resepct to the focus window.
.TP
.B LIBAXL_POINTER_ROOT
At each keyboard event, the root window of whichever
screen the pointer is on is dynmatically take as
the keyboard's focus window.
.TP
.B LIBAXL_NONE
All future keyboard events are discarded unitl a
new focus window is set.
.PP
The value of the
.I revert_to
field shall be one of the follow values, however
it is only interpreted if the value of the
.I focus
field is a window ID.
.TP
.B LIBAXL_PARENT
When the selected input focus window becomes
stops being viewable, the focus is translated
to the closest viewable ancestor of that window,
and the new
.I revert_to
value is taken to be
.IR LIBAXL_NONE .
.TP
.B LIBAXL_POINTER_ROOT
The new
.I focus 
value is taken to be
.I LIBAXL_POINTER_ROOT
when the focus window stops being viewable;
that is the focus window is dymaically taken
to be the root window of whichever screen the
pointer is on when an event is generated.
.TP
.B LIBAXL_NONE
The new
.I focus 
value is taken to be
.I LIBAXL_NONE
when the focus window stops being viewable;
that is keyboard events get discarded.
.PP
If the value of the
.I time
field, where
.I LIBAXL_CURRENT_TIME
is replaced by the current server time, is set earlier
than the current last-focus-change time or is later than
current server time, the request is ignored. Otherwise
the value of the
.I time
field is selected as the new last-focus-change time.
.PP
Other fields are filled in automatically by the
.BR libaxl_send_request (3)
function.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_MATCH (3)
The selected
.I focus
window is not viewable.
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_VALUE (3)
An invalid value as been specified for
.IR revert_to ,
.IR focus ,
or
.IR time .
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_WINDOW (3)
The selected
.I focus
window does not exist.
.SH REPLIES
None.
.SH NOTES
Whenever the keyboard input focus changes,
focus events are generated, however the
last-focus-change time remains unchanged
if the focus change is the result of a focus
revert when a window stops being viewable.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libaxl_send_request (3),
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_GET_INPUT_FOCUS (3)
