.TH LIBAXL_REQUEST_WARP_POINTER 3 libaxl
.SH NAME
LIBAXL_REQUEST_WARP_POINTER - Move mouse pointer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <libaxl.h>

#define LIBAXL_REQUEST_WARP_POINTER 41
struct libaxl_request_warp_pointer {
        uint8_t         \fIopcode\fP;
        uint8_t         \fI__pad\fP;
        uint16_t        \fI_request_length\fP;
        libaxl_window_t \fIsrc_window\fP;
        libaxl_window_t \fIdest_window\fP;
        int16_t         \fIsrc_x\fP;
        int16_t         \fIsrc_y\fP;
        uint16_t        \fIsrc_width\fP;
        uint16_t        \fIsrc_height\fP;
        int16_t         \fIdest_x\fP;
        int16_t         \fIdest_y\fP;
};
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The display server shall move the mouse pointer
to the number pixels specified in the
.I dest_x
field right of, and the number pixels specified
in the
.I dest_y
field below its current position if the value
of the
.I dest_window
field is
.IR LIBAXL_NONE ,
or otherwise relative to the top left corner
of the window whose ID is specified in the
.I dest_window
field. However the request cannot move the
pointer outisde the confine-to window of an
active pointer grab, but and attempt to move
the pointer beyond on the of window's edges
will move the pointer to that edge.
.PP
However, unless the value if the
.I src_window
field is
.IR LIBAXL_NONE ,
the move only takes place if the mouse pointer
is inside the window whose ID is specified in the
.I src_window
field and if the mouse pointer is inside the
rectangle specified by the
.IR src_x ,
.IR src_y ,
.IR src_width ,
and
.I src_height
fields. The fields
.I src_x
and
.I src_y
specify the number of pixels right of and
below, respectively, of the window's, whose
ID is specified in the
.I src_window
field, top left corner. The fields
.I src_width
and
.I src_height
specify the number of pixels the rectangle
extend to the right and downwards, respectively,
and the special value 0 means that the rectangle
extends to the end of the window, thus if all
four of the
.IR src_x ,
.IR src_y ,
.IR src_width ,
and
.I src_height
fields have the value 0, the rectangle covers
the entire window.
.PP
The value of the
.I opcode
field shall be
.I LIBAXL_REQUEST_WARP_POINTER
to signify that the request is of the
request described in this document.
.PP
Other fields are filled in automatically by the
.BR libaxl_send_request (3)
function.
.PP
This request will generate events just as if the
user had instantaneously moved the pointer.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_WINDOW (3)
A specified window ID does not exist.
.SH REPLIES
None.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libaxl_send_request (3)
