.TH libaxl_parse_display 3 libaxl
.SH NAME
libaxl_parse_display - Parse a display name string
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <libaxl.h>

int libaxl_parse_display(const char *\fIname\fP, char **\fIhostp\fP, char **\fIprotocolp\fP, int *\fIdisplayp\fP, int *\fIscreenp\fP);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR libaxl_parse_display ()
function the display name string specified in the
.I name
parameter, or the
.B DISPLAY
environment variable if
.I name
is
.I NULL
or the empty string.
.PP
The host, or the empty string or
.I NULL
(represents localhost) if not specified,
is stored in
.IR *hostp ,
or the path of the socket if the protocol is
.BR unix .
.PP
The protocol name is stored in
.IR *protocolp ,
the empty string or
.I NULL
can is stored if no protocol is specified
(and is not
.BR unix ),
in which case TCP should be assumes.
.PP
The displays number (0 if (but not only if)
the protocol is
.BR unix )
is stored in
.IR *displayp .
.PP
The specified screen, which should be assumes
as the default screen, is stored in
.IR *screenp .
If no screen is specified, -1 is stored in
.I *screenp
instead, and 0 should be assumed the default screen.
.PP
Remember to call the
.BR free (3)
function for
.I *hostp
and
.I *protocolp
after succesful completion when they result
is no longer needed.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The
.BR libaxl_parse_display ()
function returns 0 upon successful
completion or a negative libaxl
error number on failure.
.SH ERRORS
The
.BR libaxl_parse_display ()
function may fail if
.TP
.I LIBAXL_ERROR_NO_DISPLAY_SERVER_SPECIFIED
Both
.I name
and the
.B DISPLAY
environment variable are
.IR NULL ,
unset or the empty string.
.TP
.I LIBAXL_ERROR_INVALID_DISPLAY_NAME_NO_DISPLAY_INDEX
No display number is specified but
required for the specified protocol.
.TP
.I LIBAXL_ERROR_INVALID_DISPLAY_NAME_DISPLAY_INDEX_OUT_OF_DOMAIN
The display number is too large for
the specified protocol.
.TP
.I LIBAXL_ERROR_INVALID_DISPLAY_NAME_INVALID_SCREEN_INDEX
The specified screen number is invalid.
.TP
.I LIBAXL_ERROR_INVALID_DISPLAY_NAME_SCREEN_INDEX_OUT_OF_DOMAIN
The specified screen number is too large.
.TP
.IR LIBAXL_ERROR_SYSTEM " with " ENOMEM
Enough memory could not be allocated.
.SH NOTES
The
.BR libaxl_parse_display ()
function assumes that all arguments except
.I name
are
.RI non- NULL .
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libaxl_create (3),
.BR libaxl_get_tcp_port (3),
.BR libaxl_get_decnet_object (3),
.BR libaxl_connect_without_handshake (3)
