.TH LIBAXL_REQUEST_LIST_FONTS 3 libaxl
.SH NAME
LIBAXL_REQUEST_LIST_FONTS - List fonts
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <libaxl.h>

#define LIBAXL_REQUEST_LIST_FONTS 49
struct libaxl_request_list_fonts {
        uint8_t     \fIopcode\fP;
        uint8_t     \fI__pad\fP;
        uint16_t    \fI_request_length\fP;
        uint16_t    \fImax_names\fP;
        uint16_t    \fIlength_of_pattern\fP;
        const char *\fIpattern\fP;
};
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The display server shall list all fonts
except no more than the number specified in the
.I max_names
field, matching the font name pattern specified
in the
.I pattern
field, which shall be encoded in ISO Latin-1 and
is case insensitive, whose length is specified
in the
.I length_of_name
field.
.B ?\,
and
.B *
in the font name pattern are recognised as
wildcards, see
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_OPEN_FONT (3)
for more information.
.PP
The value of the
.I opcode
field shall be
.I LIBAXL_REQUEST_LIST_FONTS
to signify that the request is of the
request described in this document.
.PP
Other fields are filled in automatically by the
.BR libaxl_send_request (3)
function.
.PP
If the
.B ?\,
character is used in the font name pattern,
it will matching any single character, the
.B *
character will match any number of characters. A
structured format for font names is specified in the
X.Org standard X Logical Font Description Conventions.
.SH ERRORS
None.
.SH REPLIES
.nf
struct libaxl_str8 {
	uint8_t \fIlength\fP;
	char   *\fIname\fP;
};

struct libaxl_reply_list_fonts {
        uint8_t             \fI__one\fP;
        uint8_t             \fI__pad\fP;
        uint16_t            \fIsequence_number\fP;
        uint32_t            \fI_reply_length\fP;
        uint16_t            \fInumber_of_names\fP;
        uint8_t             \fI__unused\fP[22];
        struct libaxl_str8 *\fInames\fP;
};
.fi
.PP
The display server shall, unless it returns an
error, return one
.B "struct libaxl_reply_intern_atom"
with the
.I names
field set to the list of matching font names and the
.I number_of_names
field set to the number of font names in this list.
For each element in the
.I names
field, the
.I name
subfield is set to the lower case name of the font
and the
.I length
subfield is set to the length of the name.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libaxl_send_request (3),
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_LIST_FONTS_WITH_INFO (3),
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_OPEN_FONT (3),
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_QUERY_FONT (3),
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_QUERY_TEXT_EXTENTS (3),
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_SET_FONT_PATH (3),
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_GET_FONT_PATH (3)
