.TH LIBAXL_REQUEST_CREATE_PIXMAP 3 libaxl
.SH NAME
LIBAXL_REQUEST_CREATE_PIXMAP - Create a pixmap
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <libaxl.h>

#define LIBAXL_REQUEST_CREATE_PIXMAP 53
struct libaxl_request_create_pixmap {
        uint8_t           \fIopcode\fP;
        uint8_t           \fIdepth\fP;
        uint16_t          \fI_request_length\fP;
        libaxl_pixmap_t   \fIpid\fP;
        libaxl_drawable_t \fIdrawable\fP;
        uint16_t          \fIwidth\fP;
        uint16_t          \fIheight\fP;
};
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The display server shall create a pixmap, with
the ID specified in the
.I pid
field, which shall be an unused ID generated
with the
.BR libaxl_generate_id (3)
function, for the drawable whose ID is specified
in the
.I drawable
parameter, which may be a input-only window.
.PP
The
.I width
and the
.I height
of the pixmap must be non-zero.
The
.I depth
must be one of the depths supported by the
root of the drawable specified.
.PP
The initial contents of the pixmap are
undefined.
.PP
The value of the
.I opcode
field shall be
.I LIBAXL_REQUEST_CREATE_PIXMAP
to signify that the request is of the
request described in this document.
.PP
Other fields are filled in automatically by the
.BR libaxl_send_request (3)
function.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_ALLOC (3)
The display server failed to allocate
enough memory to fulfil the request.
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_DRAWABLE (3)
The specified drawable ID does not exist.
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_ID_CHOICE (3)
The specified ID for the pixmap
.RI ( pid )
is outside the range of IDs allocated to
the client or is already in use. Use the
.BR libaxl_generate_id (3)
function to avoid this error.
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_VALUE (3)
.I width
is zero.
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_VALUE (3)
.I height
is zero.
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_VALUE (3)
.I depth
is not a depth supported by the root of the
specified drawable.
.SH REPLIES
None.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libaxl_send_request (3),
.BR libaxl_generate_id (3),
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_FREE_PIXMAP (3)
