.TH LIBAXL_REQUEST_CHANGE_SAVE_SET 3 libaxl
.SH NAME
LIBAXL_REQUEST_CHANGE_SAVE_SET - Add or remove window from save-set
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <libaxl.h>

#define LIBAXL_REQUEST_CHANGE_SAVE_SET 6
struct libaxl_request_change_save_set {
        uint8_t         \fIopcode\fP;
        uint8_t         \fImode\fP;
        uint16_t        \fI_request_length\fP;
        libaxl_window_t \fIwindow\fP;
};
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The display server shall either add or remove
a window, created by some other client, from
the client's save-set.
.PP
The value of the
.I opcode
field shall be
.I LIBAXL_REQUEST_LIST_FONTS
to signify that the request is of the
request described in this document.
.PP
The value of the
.I mode
field shall be either
.I LIBAXL_INSERT
.RI (= 0 )
or
.I LIBAXL_DELETE
.RI (= 1 ).
If
.I LIBAXL_INSERT
is specified, the window is added to the
client's save-set. If
.I LIBAXL_DELETE
is specified, the window is remove from
the client's save-set. Windows are automatically
removed from the save-set when they are destroyed.
.PP
The value of the
.I window
field shall the window to add to or remove from
the client's save-set. The window must have been
created by some other client.
.PP
Other fields are filled in automatically by the
.BR libaxl_send_request (3)
function.
.SH EXTENDED DESCRIPTION
When a client's resources are destroyed, a save-set
processing is performed for each window in the client's
save-set. Windows in the save-set that are inferiors of
a window created by the client are reparented to its
closest ancestor that is not created by the client,
For unmapped windows in the save-set (regardless of
whether it is an inferior to one of the client's
windows), the display server sends a
.BR LIBAXL_REQUEST_MAP_WINDOW (3)
request.
.PP
When save-set windows are reparented during this
process, the coordinates of the upper-left outer
corner is unchanged with respect to the root window.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_MATCH (3)
.I window
refers to a window that was
.I not
created by another client.
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_VALUE (3)
.I mode
is neither
.I LIBAXL_INSERT
nor
.IR LIBAXL_DELETE .
.TP
.BR LIBAXL_ERROR_WINDOW (3)
.I window
does not refer to an existing window.
.SH REPLIES
None.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libaxl_send_request (3)
